Do you have any solid evidence?
The Xuanjia Dragon King has always been very careful
I didn't find any hard evidence
But there was an opportunity
Only he is capable
little tiger little leopard
It's always been my brother
Since I founded the Heaven and Earth Alliance
The three of them stayed with me.
If there is no conclusive evidence
I won't touch Xiaolong
The Black Armored Dragon King is your good brother
I also know that he sacrificed his life to save your life
But people change.
Xiaolong is no longer the Xiaolong of the past, I said
I don't care if he's ambitious.
I don't care about the position of the leader of the Heaven and Earth Alliance
So he colluded with sushi?
Sushi, you mean the Lord of the Temples?
It was after you defeated sushi ten years ago
I have been in seclusion and cultivation
I want revenge on you
But recently I discovered
He hooked up with the Xuanjia Dragon King
and
Tied up the kidnapper leader at that time
Just a foreigner
Yeah, I suspected it back then
It was the temples who planned this chess kidnapping
In order not to implicate his wife and daughter
I will wash my hands and retire from the rivers and lakes
You come and tell me now
Xiaolong has been colluding with Zeus
But the identities of Zhenzhen and her sister-in-law
We keep it strictly confidential
Except for the second queen and the three kings
No one else knows that they are the Black Emperor's machine girls
At that time, I could use Zhenzhen to force you to abdicate
Is to determine your temperament
Yes!
It's really calculating